Hi guys here is a nice whim to
boy at the hotel that buenos aires many
You do not know but my mother is
argentina then everything does not have to come
here to visit my family for
mother's part
and this time I decided to shoot 'vogue
so I hope you like
is an old world beats easy breno
he is my great resistance
and many beautiful incidences of
has become a cultural center that is
very cute so french I liked it
even to be my agent was in a
restaurant that has 25 cultural called
plaza castelli
I think so
It's very good to be well as it is.
people everywhere has passed zhu min is a lot
delicious
This is what I want to do again.
by the neighborhood
The agent is now in a place.
called by the field which is a residence
who lives in santana and s sidnei what is
type a region farthest from the center
from buenos aires and where he lived
writer called victoria ocampo
so many times the encounter of
many famous writers
famous of the time is coming here
then historical algarve now the museum
practically and I'm feeling good
type in a movie those very sharp very
beautiful house ricco case the floor is from
vehicle of rich and soon to us
You will have tea with a restaurant
one coffee
You'll have tea then that's me
on the business it was not my type not
it worked out
understood but anyway is not going to talk anymore
eat there at home because it kind of takes a while
much and in fact the best was to have
represented the business a place
So we'll get somewhere else to
eat
the rhythm